you nervous
Vic this is the biggie let's cover the
ultimate breakthrough finally yeah H&R
sites at last we need to lay all this
it's not gonna be an easy ride oh we
need to break DC Taylor he was caught in
an RTA with an NDI you hopefully can
help ac-12 establish links for the IOC
Jay great work
get some rest last night yeah listen to
REM on my mp3 they're much DIY SOS on
the BBC mr. happy for the DL RDS honored
and di Fleming have just entered the
room yes we know where's TC Taylor's
lawyer probably floating up the lag
another bubble Oh Kate whatever they
told you whatever you think it's wrong
what they didn't do it don't know H come
on
JC Taylor you know how this goes we're
just trying to make sense of the [ __ ]
almost done closing last case you listen
you know the procedures on which we have
to follow it don't say anything they've
got nothing on you I know I'm the one
leading the investigation right so DC
Taylor we've met sorry yeah I don't know
why I said murder that has not been
proved yet let us proceed interview
commence from a DC tailor his legal
counsel is now present
don't say anything let me do the talking
DC Taylor you know if you feel to
cooperate you're facing life why oh
thank god
thank God to prison that's what life
means life in prison what your entire
life a minimum of 25 years Oh 25 years I
bet it reduced already you're welcome
okay
the victim was found dead wearing
jackets shown in kf1 why was on a jacket
match this glove found in Verve DC
Taylor's car hearts
take a saucer tiny I won't fit me feel
free to prove it you're not even trying
there you go
snug as a bug it's it's stretchy means
nothing I can always wash I do fade
she's working with someone inside the
organization he could get full access to
my vehicle obviously planted there's a
possibility that we're looking into
that's funny
you've got exactly the same maker glove
in your pocket there's anyone let's do
the assault it's not that it would be
that stupid no wait I mean yeah Jules
look Your Honor I'm not a judge I'd like
to present to you categorical evidence
that my client was not involved
go ahead like I say I would like to
present categorical evidence that my
client wasn't involved but I haven't got
any the amazing if it is I would never
be so cool be like there's the evidence
case closed am out of here weed swagger
out hey pop music slow mo Oh
sorry carry on page six paragraph nine
in your statement you said you were
visiting your parents on st. George's
Road at the time of the offence yeah
according to multiple sources mr. and
mrs. Taylor at the King's Arms at 9:37
there's a full hour after the murder and
we have no proof of your whereabouts
between 7:45 p.m. and 9:30 7:00 p.m. I
do according to phone geolocation
records I can prove my client was not at
the scene of the murder look at this
hmm assault I don't want about a club ah
this is your bank don't believe this
yeah evidence of the location of the
phone he was at his parents house thank
you
well MSE just left his phone there which
actually is possible cuz I'm always
doing that look what happened today oh
oh let me found in Gregg's again
yes I'll not please show video sa-7 this
is footage taken from the newsagent CCTV
seconds before the offense took place
and we believe this figure in the
balaclava to be the murderer
from list for edge forensics has to make
the perp to be 6 foot 2 you match that
profile you say what should you as well
who want the same shoes a lot of people
have those shoes you told me last week
that they were custom-made one of the
kinds about I stepped away extra white
I've got bone spurs you're supposed to
be defending me I know look DFS or not
I've studied this footage and I want to
know why it is you paused the tape at
exactly that point why didn't you let it
run on a bit well I know why you didn't
want us to see what happens next
play a bit more
registration that vehicle matched DC
tailors is a shame
play the next great just in case
Ashley's worse
why would you show about what's not me
that's a Kirby accent I'm from the
Weddell he says Taylor I say Taylor
somebody's obviously trying to frame me
yes
things aren't looking good should I call
your attorney you are my attorney I'm
your lawyer
it's the same thing all rights professor
Laurie McLaughlin watching Ally McBeal
no I think I know a way of making all of
this just blow away
you do realize that we are an
anti-corruption unit don't you oh that's
what I see stands for thought that
conditioning didn't make sense also
Fiverr was to critique right thank you
everyone I think we have all the
evidence we need yeah we have our man
objection this is not a courtroom
overruled
I have categorical evidence that my
client does not know H go ahead off you
go you say you think you're so clever
don't you rigging up your extra
sketching machine to the big telly and
it's just a cable well two can play at
that game
ac/dc Taylor if my client was not at his
parents house
then how come these photographs are
time-stamped just before and just after
the killing
skipper thank you
proof that my clients must never met H
why didn't we know about these sorry sir
you see Tyler you're free to go
finally nothing is for you
fine fine I can't take it anymore
lock me up go on DC Taylor we're
arresting you for multiple homicides not
just amma sighs the murders as well get
him out of my sight
look a job in the kitchen I do a
fantastic match for rosemary
it's like Jamie's bullet I add like you
can butter to it it's like no tea
all the loose ends tied up and now
they'll never know that I am age not the
blood from steps you don't get to become
the leader of the UK's largest criminal
organization based on Deptford high
street in a derelict warehouse opposite
the bakery just around the corner from
Nando's without being exceptionally
clever sorry I forgot to press stop on
the tape it's gonna review it take it
oops
you